fix year to be consistent messaging (#401)
exercism/docs: using/editions/teams.md

However, as Exercism grew, the small-team aspects didn't fit with our larger mentoring platform, and so we separated that out into a separate edition: Exercism Teams.

With the launch of Exercism v3, we have now shut down Exercism Teams.

> However, we are intending to relaunch it in early 2023, as a fully thought-through product, with a whole range of exciting features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we are intending to relaunch sometime in 2023, as a fully thought-through product, with a whole range of exciting features.
```
